[
  {
    "workgroup": "Onboarding Workgroup",
    "workgroup_id": "208afbe1-7830-4409-9c74-1f05171ebe01",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-11-16",
      "host": "Vanessa",
      "documenter": "Onyeka",
      "peoplePresent": "Peter, Sucren, love, tone",
      "workingDocs": [
        {
          "title": "Onboarding research Google form",
          "link": "https://forms.gle/dJMGVP7FZDMdyw6h6"
        },
        {
          "title": "Onboarding support for other workgroups Google doc",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing"
        },
        {
          "title": "Commissioning Video clips Google doc",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing"
        },
        {
          "title": "Twitter thread draft google doc",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing"
        }
      ]
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallUpdates": "-Launch of the Onboarding survey form. -Collaboration with the Gamers Guild.",
        "issues": [
          "Getting started Twitter thread",
          "Continuous Onboarding Document",
          "Question of how to practically use the meeting summary tool"
        ],
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "text": "Sucre to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery for the onboarding video to LilyCupcake",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "status": "in progress",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23"
          },
          {
            "status": "in progress",
            "text": "Sucre to share our Commissioning Video clips Google doc",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2024-01-23"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to meet Workgroup leads and discuss when we can visit their meetings to discuss onboarding.",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Vani and Onyeka to make changes to the survey form as discussed in the meeting.",
            "assignee": "Onyeka , Vanessa",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to create a sign-up sheet for visits to other WGs to discuss onboarding",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Lady Tempestt to make necessary corrections to the Twitter thread Doc.",
            "assignee": "LadyTempestt",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to send the Twitter thread Doc to Mikasa in the writers workgroup once it's finished",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to change the cover photo of the Getting started Doc",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Vani to add an FAQ on 'What are GMBLs' to the Getting started Doc.",
            "assignee": "Vanessa",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to add an FAQ on 'How do I get rewarded?'",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Onyeka to add an FAQ on 'What wallet is to be used'",
            "assignee": "Onyeka",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Vani to make a post on the Ambassador general channel about new members joining the Gamer's Guild.",
            "assignee": "Vanessa",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Onyeka to create visuals for the Twitter thread doc",
            "assignee": "Onyeka",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to make the agreed changes to Dework Introductions task.",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "dueDate": "2023-11-23",
            "status": "in progress"
          }
        ],
        "decisionItems": [
          {
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup",
            "decision": "We agreed to set a deadline (1st of December) for the Onboarding Survey Form."
          },
          {
            "effect": "mayAffectOtherPeople",
            "decision": "Onboarding WG has agreed to test the new archives documentation tool for meeting minutes."
          },
          {
            "decision": "We agreed that our estimate of 15 mins for the completion of the survey form is about right.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We agreed to launch the survey form on the 21st of November 2023 in the Town Hall meeting, after checking it in our next meeting",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We have decided to add some visuals to our Twitter thread about onboarding process.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We agreed on rewarding 10 AGIX and 50 GMBLs for completion of the Introductory task.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          }
        ],
        "discussionPoints": [
          "Minutes of last Meeting",
          "Changes to the Onboarding survey form",
          "Next Ambassador TH Update",
          "Twitter thread on the Getting started doc",
          "Continuous Onboarding"
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Onboarding survey, Collaboration, Town Hall update, Rewards, Getting Started twitter thread, New Onboarding video",
      "emotions": "speedy , Casual, Collaborative"
    },
    "type": "Custom"
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Onboarding Workgroup",
    "workgroup_id": "208afbe1-7830-4409-9c74-1f05171ebe01",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-08-01",
      "host": "Clement Umoh",
      "documenter": "Cjfrankie",
      "peoplePresent": "Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Peter, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, LadyTempestt, daniel effiom, Yemi Solves, Duke, MartinSoki, Ayo, Cjfrankie, Gorga Siagian, Merryman, Eric Davies, AdavanceAmeyaw, Colleen, Kateri, Onize",
      "purpose": "Weekly meeting featuring discussions on August projections, and how to onboard people to the Ambassador program.",
      "workingDocs": [
        {
          "title": "Onboarding Journey Script by Rejoice -- Sample 1",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/13AO_46FarBVOpzklI1WD5HfzEkS-Jt1dugm6TRG8K2c/edit"
        },
        {
          "title": "Onboarding Workgroup Skillshare Matrix Doc",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing"
        },
        {
          "title": "Scripts Draft 2",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/146NsS-e3S0yReVwoTTNDCbNYWSKoNOz7VtE2atGPX9o/edit"
        }
      ],
      "timestampedVideo": {}
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallUpdates": "1. Clement and Gorga Siagian gave an update on the last community town hall; they talked about the skills matrix where members of the group made inputs on the skills they already have and would also want to learn.   2. As a follow up to the skills matrix, they talked about the documentation session scheduled for 15th of August where Lady Tempest will anchor a training session. This session will be based on the skills decided upon by the workgroup based on the output of the skills matrix.  3. Additionally, they talked about the new set of onboarders who are tasked with the responsibility of onboarding new people into the group and program in general.",
        "issues": [
          "'Onboarding Journeys' scripts - the next meeting will feature a discussion on the Onboarding Journeys script alongside the comments and thoughts from the WG members."
        ],
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "text": "Gorga Siagian to chase Cjfrankie to decide on a date for the discussion of his allegations against the workgroup.",
            "assignee": "Gorga Siagian",
            "dueDate": "8 August 2024",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Cj Frankie to add the meeting summary note for July the 4th to the meeting summary tool.",
            "assignee": "Cjfrankie",
            "dueDate": "8 August 2024",
            "status": "done"
          },
          {
            "text": "Sucre to edit the facilitation and documentation document to fit the summer holidays.",
            "assignee": "Sucren",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Colleen to decide on a suitable date for the 'GitHub project management' training in September.",
            "assignee": "collene",
            "status": "in progress"
          },
          {
            "text": "Following a discussion with the 'training in September,' Vani to share a post in the channel about what other skills people would like to learn because most are talking about decentralized governance.",
            "assignee": "Vanessa",
            "dueDate": "8 August 2024",
            "status": "done"
          }
        ],
        "decisionItems": [
          {
            "decision": "After many comments from the WG members, we agreed that the meeting facilitators should meet with their mentees before the meeting to know the sections each of them will take. The same goes for documentation: the main documenter and the mentee will take the meeting notes and compare them after the meeting to spot some mistakes and possible ways to improve on their next try.",
            "rationale": "From the facilitation side of things, we seek to have a well-organized change of hands between the facilitator and the mentee. The same goes for meeting facilitation; we seek to groom the mentee by allowing them to take notes as well to help them do better on their next try.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "In view of the recent events, the facilitation and documentation roster will be edited to fit the forthcoming summer holidays.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We decided that Timmy should attend two consecutive meetings preceding his meeting documentation scheduled for 26th Sept 2024; otherwise, someone else will be assigned to it.",
            "rationale": "Timmy has been away for a while now, so he has to attend two meetings to prove he is still interested!",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We have assigned different people to ask other workgroups/guilds, namely: LatAm guild, AI Ethics, African guild, Marketing guild, Writer's WG, and Strategy guild, about the skills new members should have and can learn in their WG, so we decided that these people will work on this project throughout August and then bring the results on 5th September 2024.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "Speaking of the onboarding journeys, we have decided that the open governance call will be the best place to discuss these journeys, and each member of the WG should read and comment before the next meeting scheduled for 8th September 2024. On that day, we shall also discuss What we should do with the journey script (video or infographics?), how to work with it moving forward, and how to use it in a meeting.",
            "rationale": "There's still a lot of things to be cleared out.",
            "effect": "mayAffectOtherPeople"
          },
          {
            "decision": "We agreed to meet on the 1st and 8th of August and then have Lady Tempestt host a documentation session on the 15th whilst taking the 22nd and 29th of August off.",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          }
        ],
        "discussionPoints": [
          "Agreeing to the minutes of the last meeting.",
          "Action items from the last meeting.",
          "Facilitation and Documentation Roster.",
          "Facilitating and Documenting next time.",
          "Town Hall updates.",
          "Skillshare Matrix.",
          "Assigned Tasks.",
          "Onboarding Journey."
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Town hall updates , onboarding journeys, GitHub project management training, skillshare matrix, Decentralization,  open governance, meeting facilitation, Documentation",
      "emotions": "informative, insightful, Collaborative, supportive,  forward-looking"
    },
    "type": "Custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-01-10",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Jenn",
      "peoplePresent": "Tevo, Julien Collins, OEP|Capella, Iain, LittleButts, Crandano, Creed, EricS, Haley, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, Fly, others unknown",
      "purpose": "Translations - Operations Q4, AGI Progress 2023, Marketplace Services Review - Ideate, Infographic meeting schedule",
      "townHallNumber": "29",
      "workingDocs": [
        {
          "title": "ASI token merger useful resources",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXkP6mo0jUJVFfpMSS82igfMgQQvS43QxnfL81_nBi8/edit?usp=sharing"
        },
        {
          "title": "toekn merger vision paper",
          "link": "https://434267010-files.gitbook.io/~/files/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2FE0eZgP8lxRNljW57Uw4H%2Fuploads%2FzuLTqcvU0P6PejPUONJG%2FArtificial%20Superintelligence%20(ASI)%20Alliance%20Vision%20Paper.pdf?alt=media&token=e794c589-d4ef-44d3-97c0-697b06956479"
        }
      ],
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oS2jJjcXCWU",
        "intro": "Ambassador Town Hall Meeting #29 | January 10th 2023"
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Translation, Operations, infographic, reviews, AI marketplace, process guild, Treasury guild, podcasts, social media, Marketing",
      "emotions": "Casual, Well-attended"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-01-24",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Jenn",
      "peoplePresent": "Tevo, Felix, Harry Hellyer, EricS, Crandano, Fly you fools, Julien Collins, meek|DIA Contributor, Curtis, PeterE, Rojo, Sucre n Spice, Haley Lowy, jay.05|Judith W., others unknown",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing",
      "townHallNumber": "31",
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvUI_gbl3HE",
        "intro": "Ambassador Town Hall Meeting #31 | January 24th, 2023"
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Process Guild, Treasury, Podcast WG, Social Media Marketing, community governance, Mindplex Magazine",
      "emotions": "Friendly, Well-attended"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-01-31",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Jenn",
      "peoplePresent": "Tevo, Crandano, Iain, albertinim211, Creed, EricS, jay.05|Judith W., Joshado, kemi_friday, LittleButts, OEP|Capella, PeterE, Fly, Haley Lowy, Sucre n Spice",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing",
      "townHallNumber": "32",
      "workingDocs": [
        {
          "title": "Marketing Guild Google Sheet",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1syEn1BOEXbfx8DTCdXemq4lcQS-mm8ff0uQyv1YKByE/"
        },
        {
          "title": "SingularityNET Ambassador Program rewards Google Sheet",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sYaBn6qvaSObaJ_gRAUhWXDLqbxQLGmBsMA5KkTmxVQ/"
        },
        {
          "title": "Process Guild Miro Board",
          "link": "https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764544231084878&cot=10"
        },
        {
          "title": "Treasury Guild Miro Board",
          "link": "https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764544236633738&cot=10"
        }
      ],
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtHWqHcU6lk",
        "intro": "Ambassador Town Hall Meeting #32 | Jan 31th, 2023   NOTE: Refernce is made in this meeting to the meeting on Jan 26th about a loyalty rewards pool - there were 4 such meetings in Jan and Feb 2023, and recordings are on the SingularityNET Youtube channel, e.g. here https://youtu.be/Y1OjnMQFdTY?si=OkE0XVCMyHsyxTjA"
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Process Guild, Meeting Summaries, Governance, Rewards, TH Update , Marketing Guild, Podcast workgroup, Treasury Guild, DeepFunding round 2, community governance, loyalty rewards pool",
      "emotions": "Thoughtful , repetitive, Well-attended"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-02-07",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Gorga Siagian",
      "peoplePresent": "Felix, Tevo, Fly, Rojo, Headelf, Crandano, $hotspot, Creed, Cujo, Doron, Iain, kwistyan, LittleButts, miguex, oscar, winter melon, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, Haley Lowy",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Coverage on the Workgroups, Done some other tasks, and some further mentions for open topics",
      "townHallNumber": "33",
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEB2ms9G57w",
        "intro": "The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the SingularityNET Discord Channel   https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC."
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallSummary": "Coverage on the Workgroups, Done some other tasks, and some further mentions for open topics  workgroups and guilds meeting notices, such as  Process Guild - Tuesday 19:00 UTC  Treasury Guild - Thursday 16:00 UTC bi-weekly (this week) Podcast Workgroup - on hold Marketing Guild - Friday 13:00 UTC + Thursday 17 UTC  All Public events on the SingularityNET Discord Channel Calender  There was brief mention of the idea of integrating the Swarm treasury system into the Ambassador program, as currently Peter has to do payments manually",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "workgroups, calender, podcast workgroup, Marketing, process guild, treasury guild, Dework, task-based vs role-based work, integrating Swarm treasury system, translation, Deepfunding Town Hall",
      "emotions": "insightful, Friendly, entertaining"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-02-14",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Gorga Siagian",
      "peoplePresent": "Kenichi, Mikasa, Felix, African Crypto Warlord, Tevo, jay05|judithW, Headelf, cameraheartwood, JJ SOUND, DevonHardy, cardano_class, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, oep, Fly, Haley Lowy",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Coverage on the Workgroups, Tasks, and Mentios Open Topics",
      "townHallNumber": "35",
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlryjVG7t6U",
        "intro": "The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the SingularityNET Discord Channel   https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC.  NB: Have a issue in ambassador town hall february 2023, let's see on february 7 ambassador town hall #33 while on february 14, 2023 ambassador town hall #35, so where is ambassador town hall #34? while ambassador town hall was held 1 week ago.  So I submitted on February 14, 2023 to become town hall ambassador #35."
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallSummary": "Coverage on the Workgroups,  tasks, and some further mentions for open topics  workgroups and guilds meeting notices, such as  Process Guild - Tuesday 19:00 UTC  Treasury Guild - Thursday 16:00 UTC bi-weekly (this week) Podcast Workgroup - with Marketing - Monday 19 UTC Marketing Guild - Friday 13 UTC + Thurs 18 UTC  All Public events on the SingularityNET Discord Channel Calender",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "workgroups, calender, Tasks, Open topics, mentions",
      "emotions": "Friendly, ideas, Well-attended"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-02-21",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Gorga Siagian",
      "peoplePresent": "Kenichi, Mikasa, Felix, Tevo, jay05|judithW, Headelf, cardano_class, $hotspot, Iain, little butts, locatelo_goldfinger, Robinsaint, Natt, cameraheartwood, jovan, Creed, severoni, SamwiseGanjadi, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, oep, Fly",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Coverage on the Workgroups, Tasks, and Mentios Open Topics",
      "townHallNumber": "36",
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mINy4M9UqrI",
        "intro": "The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the SingularityNET Discord Channel   https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC."
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallSummary": "Coverage on the Workgroups,  tasks, and some further mentions for open topics  workgroups and guilds meeting notices, such as  Process Guild - Tuesday 19:00 UTC  Treasury Guild - Thursday 16:00 UTC bi-weekly (this week) Marketing Guild -  Monday 19 UTC + Thursday 18 UTC + Friday 13 UTC  All Public events on the SingularityNET Discord Channel Calender",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "workgroups, calender, Tasks, Open topics, mentions",
      "emotions": "Friendly, ideas, Well-attended"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  },
  {
    "workgroup": "Ambassador Town Hall",
    "workgroup_id": "72ce0bc0-276e-4cde-bfb9-cdabc5ed953e",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "typeOfMeeting": "Weekly",
      "date": "2023-02-28",
      "host": "PeterE",
      "documenter": "Gorga Siagian",
      "peoplePresent": "SingularityZoeille, Pgates, Asu, Creed, Headelf, Iain, izhak, jovan, kaiaofabian, Libra, little butts, Soulseeres, TheFreysDeFi, PeterE, Rojo, Fly, Sucre n Spice",
      "purpose": "Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Coverage on the Workgroups, Tasks, and Mentios Open Topics",
      "townHallNumber": "37",
      "timestampedVideo": {
        "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhslfmtWI2g",
        "intro": "The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the SingularityNET Discord Channel   https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC."
      }
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "status": "carry over",
        "townHallSummary": "Coverage on the Workgroups,  tasks, and some further mentions for open topics  workgroups and guilds meeting notices, such as  Process Guild - Tuesday 19:00 UTC  Treasury Guild - Thursday 16:00 UTC bi-weekly (this week) Marketing Workshop - Monday 19 UTC Marketing Guild -   Friday 13 UTC  Tasks  Translation - Ecosystem explainer + Rejuve later today Marketing guild board, Marketing Guild workshops, Twitter management, increasing self-organisation from the community, role definition discord moderation Rejuve tasks coming - translation + administrative. Tooling for managing tasks and payments using smart contracts: Daolens https://app.daolens.com/onboarding, vs Swarm treasury service and Dework  All Public events on the SingularityNET Discord Channel Calender.",
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "workgroups, calender, Tasks, Open topics, mentions, Translation, Rejuve, Marketing, Twitter management, citizen science, self-organisation, smart contracts",
      "emotions": "Friendly, Well-attended, Organised"
    },
    "type": "custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  }
]