#### Context - Meeting-Summaries
> * André Diamond: Who knows, maybe we can convince someone there to use our new summary-tool in the future
> 
#### Context - Snet-Supervisory-Council         // Entity
Content
Community-Owned
Docs
Articles
SC-Owned
Docs
Something
> * André Diamond: Changed this structure to be the same as above. Instead of workgroups we have community-owned and sc-owned
> 
#### Context - Content
Onboarding-Workgroup
Docs                     // Documents
Google-Docs// Type of document
Google-Spreadsheets
Articles
Medium
Hack-md
Videos
Youtube
Vimeo
	
Archives-Workgroup  
Meeting-Summaries       // Meeting Summaries
2023                           // Year
2024
2025
> * André Diamond: I changed the structure a bit to accommodate for the different workgroups. I also had to come up with a name to separate the meeting-summaries from the docs/other items, so I went with "content" for now. With the current structure we capture docs used in more than one workgroup. 

Please let me know if Content is okay or if we can use a better word here
> 
#### Context - entity folders in Budget (Maybe we have budgets for other entities)
> * Vanessa Cardui: hmmm I dunno. I guess this depends on the answer to Esther's query that u just posted. I mean - it is more transparent that way I guess, but is it more fiddly? And is that kind of transparency what we need?
>   - André Diamond: I was thinking we could remove the Budgets folder, because we already have milestones in our project board that shows all the costs. Keeping this budgets folder up to date will require some automation, but the info is already available else where. We could create a project board for this SC work that also has a milestone system with costs
>   - Vanessa Cardui: we could yeh - I mean atm the SC work is on the QA-DAO board, but that isn't public, right?
>   - André Diamond: Yup, we should create a public QADAO project board specifically for this work and start tracking it there. Can also be a way to make people aware of QADAO
> 
#### Context - rename the Docs folder to something else, because we can have all different kind of things in there
> * Vanessa Cardui: hi André; to me, that'd be totally your call, depending on practicality - what's easiest to work with for what you're doing. If it's a faff to have Working Thingies :-) that aee not actual docs going in to that folder, then absolutely, separate it out.
>   - André Diamond: Yup, makes sense. Will separate them
>   - Vanessa Cardui: 👍
> 
#### Context - Docs
> * Vanessa Cardui: and this is where the Blueprint doc would sit, right?
Just wondering - if we in the end did fork it, like we were discussing, so there was a "community owned" version, would that live here, or under (say) Ambassador Program/Docs? 
or would that be "TBD"?
>   - André Diamond: We could make 2 folders inside the Docs folder. Community-owned and SC-owned maybe
>   - Vanessa Cardui: yeh maybe... I mean, part of this depends on Daniel's proposal for a vote on whether there even is a new SC and whether they continue with ownershoip of the doc... and it also depends on the whole "who even is The Community".... I feel like that question is going to be an unintended side-effect of this work lol
>   - André Diamond: Yup, Can I make a community-owned folder so long to start testing, we can add the other folders when everything is clear.
> 
#### Context - Data
> * Vanessa Cardui: so this structure is how it *will be*, innit? not now it is now?
>   - André Diamond: Yup, How it will be 👌
>   - Vanessa Cardui: cool - looks perfect
> 
#### Context - archive
> * Vanessa Cardui: archives
> 
#### Context - Archive
> * Vanessa Cardui: Archives
> 
#### Context - Archive
> * Vanessa Cardui: Archives
> 
#### Context - Archive
> * Vanessa Cardui: I wish it was called "Archives" throughout (it's an archives thing, just a convention, it's plural) Would anyone object to it being changed?
>   - André Diamond: I'm okay with any changes. Changing the repo names will affect some code and Netlify settings, but will be able to update it no problem. Maybe early on a Monday when no one is doing meeting summaries XD
>   - Vanessa Cardui: Only if it's not fiddly to do, cos it's not that important really - it just, idk, it grates on me hahaha - and if it's changed it makes us look more "archivey" to any archives people who happen to look :-)
>   - André Diamond: I can do this, but it can take up to 2 hours to identify and fix all breaking code changes in the summary tool, doc manager, GitHub actions, Netlify and GitBook settings. It will also affect Stephen and Ubios work. They would have to update folder names in their projects I think. This feels almost like it should be a paid task on the project board if we want to do it.
> 
#### Context - -Governance-Workgroup
> * Vanessa Cardui: this should be "Governance -Gitbook" - we changed it during the meeting yesterday, is the change still not showing?
>   - André Diamond: It looks like only the about has been updated and not the repo name. Is it okay if I change the repo name to SingularityNET-Governance-GitBook
>   - Vanessa Cardui: yeh fab - thanks
>   - André Diamond: Done, I also synced the GitBook with the new repo name 👍
> 
