# AI Ethics WG Meeting, 10th June.



**People present:**

Vani[Facilitator], LadyTempestt[Documenter], Sucre, Ayo, Sharon, Duke, Ese, LeeLooRose, Onize, Clement, Gorga, Tuso, Vasu, Guillermo. ****

****

**Meeting Narrative:**

**AI Ethics Strategy drafting;** We discussed whether it would be a better idea to have experts and non-experts to collaborate on drafting strategies(there are currently 3 of them). See We noted that we have no proof of people's self-rated skill/knowledge level - but we agreed that it's fine, in this instance, to trust people on what they say about themselves. Ayo mentioned 24 writers and 12 reviewers as total "points" for each one (based on people's "one a scale of 1-10 how skilled are you"), to ensure we get a reasonable level of expertise . It also looks like we under-budgeted for this initiative but we said we could look at moving a bit of budget from the budget-line we are less likely to be able to use this quarter, i.e. item 3 in our Q2 budget here  

> [Comments]
> Context - discussed whether it would be a better idea to have experts and non-experts to collaborate
> * Vanessa Cardui: I think people were mainly in favoiur of trying to do this.

Maybe worth adding that we noted that we have no prrof of people's self-rated skill/knowledge level - but we agreed that it's fine, in this instance, to trust people on what they say about themselves (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Yeh. Added
>
> Context - we
> * Vanessa Cardui: We agreed that we DO want some kind of membership and a Discord tag

but we agreed that we will raise this on Wednesday's meeting and see if people have ideas on how to decide who is a member

we mentioned that meeting attendancer isn't necessarly the same as participation - you can be quite passive in a meeting

we were unsure how to measure contribution: MINS tokens were suggested but not every1 agreed (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>

We discussed if having a **co-chair** that is more like a channel of communication between the AI Ethics WG and the Foundation Ethics Group is a good idea. The AI Ethics WG idea did come from them. Some of us feel we should try it and if it's not a great idea then we can shut it down. We will see what people think about it on Wednesday. Here is the signup space for it in page 2 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing  

> [Comments]
> Context - We will
> * Vanessa Cardui: worth noting that I added a signup space for it in page 2 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Done
>

**Workgroup membership** ; We agreed that we DO want some kind of membership and a Discord tag but we agreed that we will raise this at Wednesday's meeting and see if people have ideas on how to decide who is a member. We mentioned that meeting attendance isn't necessarily the same as participation, you can be quite passive in a meeting. We were unsure how to measure contribution: MINS tokens were suggested but not everyone agreed.

**Q3 Budget:** Everyone should put in ideas and the budget needed for what we should do in Q3. The link will be shared on discord. 

> [Comments]
> Context - The link will be shared on discord.
> * Vanessa Cardui: it's Sheet 3 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing
>

**Private forum for Ethics discussion** : Is it a great idea? People agreed that we should do it and that it should be open to all - but it needs to be specifically for discussion on ethics issues, not for workgroup organizational stuff. We are not sure who CAN be a moderator, as it would give you moderator rights for the entire SNET discord server but LeeLoo, Duke, Gorga, and Clement are interested in being a moderator.  

> [Comments]
> Context - We are not sure who CAN be a
> * Vanessa Cardui: sorry for the late comment! but we should probably document that those interested in being a moderator were LeeLoo, Duke, Gorga, and Clement (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Done.
>
> Context - that we should do it
> * Vanessa Cardui: and that it should be open to all - but it needs to be specifically for discussion on ethics issues, not for workgroup organisational stuff.

We are not sure who CAN be a moderator, as it would give you moderator rights for the entire server.

LeeLoo will chat to Tevo about it in the first instance (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Added. Thanks!
>

Should we meet again on the 24th and 26th of June for this quarter? We will see what people say about it on Wednesday and what they think about it in a Discord channel discussion.

****

****

****

**Action Items:**

**Vani** to share the spreadsheet for people to show their interest in being a “ **co-chair”** in Discord. - done - it’s page 2 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing

**Vani** to create a spreadsheet for the Q3 budget and share it in the WG’s channel on Discord for people to comment on it. - done - it’s page 3 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing

**Leeloo** to talk to Tevo about the Private Forum creation and what is involved in it.

****

****

**Decisions:**

We agreed to have people interested in to pick only 1 strategy to work on and have 5 final people(3 to write it, 2 reviewing it) work on the strategy drafting.

We agreed to have a good mix of experts and non-experts to work on Strategy drafting.

We agreed to wait until the next session of the WG’s meeting on Wednesday to make a final decision on **co-chair** and **WG membership.**

We agreed to have a **Private forum for Ethics discussion** and make it open to everyone.



**How the meeting felt:**

Funny, Interesting, Contributive, Collaborative, welcoming.

****

**Sources:**











**Topics covered:**

AI Ethics Strategy drafting, Private Forum for Ethics, Budget, Workgroup membership



**Other:**

Just for clarity sake, there is going to be another meeting with the same agenda as this one on Wednesday. This is why we are leaving some things undecided till Wednesday so we can know attendees’ thoughts on them.

