#### Context - We are not sure who CAN be a
> * Vanessa Cardui: sorry for the late comment! but we should probably document that those interested in being a moderator were LeeLoo, Duke, Gorga, and Clement (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Done.
> 
#### Context - Long
> * Sophia Kaine: It wasn't really long but it was definitely contributive (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Mm
Yeah I guess
> 
#### Context - the budget-line we are less likely to be able to use this quarter.
> * Vanessa Cardui: i.e. item 3 in our Q2 budget here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/edit?usp=sharing (Resolved by Love Owokere)
> 
#### Context - Someone
> * Vanessa Cardui: I think this was Ayo! (credit where it's due :-) (Resolved by Love Owokere)
> 
#### Context - discussed whether it would be a better idea to have experts and non-experts to collaborate
> * Vanessa Cardui: I think people were mainly in favoiur of trying to do this.

Maybe worth adding that we noted that we have no prrof of people's self-rated skill/knowledge level - but we agreed that it's fine, in this instance, to trust people on what they say about themselves (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Yeh. Added
> 
#### Context - Peter
> * Vanessa Cardui: Tevo (Resolved by Love Owokere)
> 
#### Context - that we should do it
> * Vanessa Cardui: and that it should be open to all - but it needs to be specifically for discussion on ethics issues, not for workgroup organisational stuff.

We are not sure who CAN be a moderator, as it would give you moderator rights for the entire server.

LeeLoo will chat to Tevo about it in the first instance (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Added. Thanks!
> 
#### Context - The link will be shared on discord.
> * Vanessa Cardui: it's Sheet 3 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing
> 
#### Context - we
> * Vanessa Cardui: We agreed that we DO want some kind of membership and a Discord tag

but we agreed that we will raise this on Wednesday's meeting and see if people have ideas on how to decide who is a member

we mentioned that meeting attendancer isn't necessarly the same as participation - you can be quite passive in a meeting

we were unsure how to measure contribution: MINS tokens were suggested but not every1 agreed (Resolved by Love Owokere)
> 
#### Context - We will
> * Vanessa Cardui: worth noting that I added a signup space for it in page 2 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: Done
> 
#### Context - It also looks like we under budgeted for this initiative.
> * Vanessa Cardui: we know this already - but we said we could look at moving a bit of budget from the budget-line we are less likely to be able to use this quarter (Resolved by Love Owokere)
>   - Love Owokere: 🙏
> 
#### Context - Someone mentioned trying 24 writers and 12 reviewers(still in thoughts).
> * Vanessa Cardui: naw, it was total "points" for each one (based on people's "one a scale of 1-10 how skilled are you), to ensure we get a reasonable level of expertise) (Resolved by Love Owokere)
> 
